Total Missclassified: 74
Police officers were portrayed as idiots who couldn't see even obvious clues. 0
Why are Hurricanes named after women? Because when they come, they're wild and wet, and when they go they take your house and your car. 0
One way Stowe showed the evil of slavery was how this `` peculiar institution '' forcibly separated families from each other. 1
If you think about it long enough, you’ll see that it’s obvious. 1
I must make merry before the Spring is spent. 0
His first two operas , Almira and Nero , were produced in 1705. 1
The first European settlement of the Peninsula was Port Arthur in the early 1830s. 1
Not happy with my camping trip travel insurance. Apparently If someone steals my tent in the night, I'll no longer be covered. 0
Lulu goes out and returns with another client , the Negro. 1
To the guy in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket...You can hide, but you can't run. 0
To that end the Academy publishes two dictionaries. 0
Mexican friends? I have Juan or two. 1
Built on land which ends on precipitous cliffs , lost balls really are lost. 1
What kind of music did the Pilgrims like? Plymouth Rock 0
Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year. 0
I think my friend was built backwards. His nose runs and his feet smell. 0
I tried to log onto Twitter earlier today. It said,"Cookies are required to operate." I thought to myself, "Me too Twitter. Me too." 1
Grace was captivated by Jean Harlow , and would let Norma Jeane wear makeup and take her out to get her hair curled. 1
I have a rock garden.  Last week, three of them died. 1
Health insurance and homeowner's insurance are the same thing to a Turtle. 1
- How can you tell a Polish woman is on her period?  She's only wearing sock 1
This girl came up to me today and said she recognized me from the vegetarian club. I was confused, I'd never met herbivore. 1
Why did the traffic light turn red? You'd turn red too if you had to change in the street.  0
The Formula One season was the 44th FIA Formula One World Championship season. 1
At Arles , near its mouth at the Mediterranean Sea , the river divides into two branches , known as the Great Rhone and the Little Rhone. 1
Sasuke 's first name comes the manga Sasuke by Sanpei Shirato , a series which Kishimoto likes , as well as from Sarutobi Sasuke , a fictional ninja featured in Japanese childre    n 's stories. 1
He founded the Sistine Chapel where the team of artists he brought together and introduced the Early Renaissance to Rome with the first masterpiece of the city 's new artistic a    ge. 1
There are two strains , one with flesh and the other with red seeds. 0
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil? Popeye's penis. 1
I hope I never meet the girl of my dreams. Cause she'll be wanting some weird stuff. 1
The first challenges to the many anti-Viking images in Britain emerged in the 17th century. 0
Evelyn , having by now made a true friend in Ninny , offers Ninny a room in her home for the rest of her days ; Ninny accepts. 0
Flannelette can either have long or short nap , and can be napped on only one or two sides. 0
Iasanamericanhavediscoveredanewwaytobelazyandthatisusingnospacebar. 1
Why did the Irish call their currency the "Punt"? Because it rhymes with Bank Manager 0
Oars have a flat blade at one end. 1
The team has won three NFL Championships , including one Super Bowl. 1
Luoyang was defended by three Chinese divisions. 1
A girl I fancy just phoned me and said, "Come on over. There's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home. 1
At the time of European settlement Araluen was described as a broad alluvial valley with many natural billabongs covered with water lilies. 0
Macropodiformes is one of the three suborders of the large marsupial order Diprotodontia. 1
Did you hear about the astronaut who stepped on some chewing gum? He got stuck in Orbit. 1
My calculator is missing the minus button but, on the plus side, it still works. 0
In November , Geronimo released her second album , Sweet Sixteen , with How Could You Say You Love Me as the first single. 1
The technology of this weed-whacker is cutting hedge! 1
Do you know what my favorite machine to work in the Gym is? The vending machine. 1
In the North-East of Sherwan Union Council there is another Place called Patheel. 1
Being insoluble in water , they can be purified by washing away the associated starch. 1
Many have colorful patterns. 1
Brackish water condition commonly occurs when fresh water meets sea water. 0
Aldair , full name Aldair Nascimento dos Santos is a Brazilian football defender. 1
What did the shetland pony say when he had a sore throat? Sorry. I'm a little horse. 0
Granz helped solidify her position as one of the leading live jazz performers. 1
The Victorian gold rush , which occurred in Australia in soon after the California gold rush , was the biggest of several Australian gold rushes. 0
Why did the book get stitches? Because he had his appendix removed.  1
My wife dresses to kill! Unfortunately she cooks the same. 1
Give wikilinked and non-wikilinked names , as well as any possible abbreviations. 0
Three binary operations. 0
For its documentation , see. 1
To add another line , go here. 1
What's the difference between a dog and a fox? About pints 1
Just illegally downloaded a video while here in Jamaica. Does that make me a pirate of the Caribbean? 0
Who's Kony's favorite rapper? Soulja Boy. 1
Alexis Clairaut was the first to think of polar coordinates in three dimensions , and Leonhard Euler was the first to actually develop them. 1
I recently visited Satan and stole his wig. He said they'd be hell toupee. 0
Nintendo World Report noticed that `` the best features of past Mario Kart games are back '' and work well with the new features in Mario Kart DS , calling the end result `` the     most impressive game to ever hit the Nintendo DS and also the best game in the Mario Kart series ''. 1
If you don't , many other administrators do - ask on the or on. 1
Why did the chicken go to KFC? To see a chicken strip. 0
Each player then has to divide his cards into three poker hands : two containing five cards each , and one containing three cards ; the back must be the highest ranking hand , a    nd the front , the lowest ranking hand. 1
Their snout morphology is ideally suited for piscivory ; their long , narrow snouts offer very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water. 1
Did you know production costs in the dairy business are high? A lot of expenses are in curd. 1
When he was three years old , his mother died , forcing his father to send him and his brother Carl to an orphanage , as Benny 's father could not take care of them. 1
The Document may contain zero Invariant Sections. 0
It is also only possible for trees which are solid to the center of the tree ; many very old trees become hollow as the dead heartwood decays away. 1